[E)> U.S. National Library of Medicine

ClinicalTrials.gov

Find Studies v
About Studies v
Submit Studies v
Resources ¥
About Site ¥

Home
Search Results

Study Record Detail
Saved Studies (1)

[ Save this study

Trial record 2 of 313471 for: ALL

Previous Study | Return to List | Next Study

Tracking Our Lives Study

The safety and scientific validity of this study is the responsibility of the study
sponsor and investigators. Listing a study does not mean it has been evaluated by
the U.S. Federal Government. Know the risks and potential benefits of clinical
studies and talk to your health care provider before participating. Read
our disclaimer for details.

ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04052529

Recruitment Status : Recruiting

First Posted : August 9, 2019

Last Update Posted : August 9, 2019

See Contacts and Locations

Sponsor:

University of Michigan

Information provided by (Responsible Party):

Samantha Hahn, University of Michigan

Brief Summary:

College women are at risk for eating disorders, which have profound health impacts.
Cross-sectional studies have shown that the use of dietary self-monitoring is associated
with eating disorder risk among college students. However, causality cannot be
established with cross-sectional studies.

This study utilizes a randomized controlled trial design to examine how the use of a
popular dietary self-monitoring smartphone application impacts college females’ wellbeing, including eating disorder risk. We hypothesize those who are randomized to
dietary self-monitoring will have a greater increase in eating disorder risk compared to
the control group.

Condition or disease

InterveMental Health Wellness 2Health Behavior Eating Disorders Other: Dietary se
Study Design

Goto v
Study Type : Interventional (Clinical Trial)

Estimated Enrollment : 200 participants
Allocation: Randomized
Intervention Model: Parallel Assignment
Masking: None (Open Label)
Primary Purpose: Other

Official Title: Impact of Using Self-monitoring Smartphone
Applications on College Students’ Well-being

Actual Study Start Date : March 15, 2019
Estimated Primary Completion Date : October 30, 2019

Estimated Study Completion Date : October 30, 2019